README.md, before:

TikMu
=====

This is the central repository for the TikMu app.

A self-updating server lives, and branches other than the master one can be
requested through the `X-Dev-Branch` header.  More generally, any git 'ref' can
be requested by setting the `X-Dev-Ref` accordingly.  More details of the live
server are available on
[documentation/live-server.md](documentation/live-server.md).

[![Check out the live server](https://img.shields.io/badge/live%20at-maxikali.com-brightgreen.svg)](https://maxikali.com/)
[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/jonasmalacofilho/tikmu](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join %20chat-green.svg)](https://gitter.im/jonasmalacofilho/tikmu?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_content=badge)


## Building

HaxeFoundation/haxe:

 - minimum required tree: HaxeFoundation/haxe@1c17be9
 - currently tested tree: HaxeFoundation/haxe@a2de181

Other dependencies are listed on the build script: [Build.hx](Build.hx).


## Copyright

Copyright 2014-2015, TikMu.  All rigths reserved.

All intellectual property rights in this repository are owned by, or have been
licensed to, TikMu.  All such rights are reserved.

TikMu is a partnership between Arthur Szász, Cauê Waneck, Flávio Fraschetti,
Gabriel Gorski and Jonas Malaco.

Commit message:

Robrt: document the new server and update the readme

README.md, after:

TikMu
=====

This is the central repository for the TikMu app.

Two self-updating servers exist, both posting build statuses on Slack.  They
default to the master branch, but branches other than that can be request via
subdomains. More information about that resides exists at
[documentation/live-server.md](documentation/live-server.md).

[![The stable server](https://img.shields.io/badge/live%20at-maxikali.com-yellowgreen.svg)](https://maxikali.com/)
[![The new Robrt based server](https://img.shields.io/badge/live%20at-new.maxikali.com-brightgreen.svg)](https://new.maxikali.com/)
[![Our slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitter-join %20chat-red.svg)](https://tikmu.slack.com)


## Building

We require a recent development branch version of HaxeFoundation/haxe and some
haxelibs.  The full list can be seen at [.robrt.Dockerfile](.robrt.Dockerfile),
which is the Dockerfile used by our (new) live build system.


## Copyright

Copyright 2014-2015, TikMu.  All rigths reserved.

All intellectual property rights in this repository are owned by, or have been
licensed to, TikMu.  All such rights are reserved.

TikMu is a partnership between Arthur Szász, Cauê Waneck, Flávio Fraschetti,
Gabriel Gorski and Jonas Malaco.
