documentation/live-server.md, before:

The live server
===============

> **We're missing SSL on both the live server and on the GitHub event listener.
> Don't reuse a password from somewhere else and don't post any private or
> valuable data.**

A rudimentary CI deployment has been set up: http://104.236.51.222

It responds automatically to push events from the upstream repository on
GitHub, and builds the head commit of the pushed branch in roughly 10 seconds.

Rebuilds use the script `Build.hx` from the desired tree to automatically set
up dependencies and do the actual build.  This Haxe `--run` script downloads
and installs the necessary libraries on a local haxelib repository.

When viewing http://104.236.51.222 on a web browser, the default ('master')
branch is showed.  To request branches other than 'master', it is necessary to
send with all requests a `X-Dev-Branch` header set to the desired branch name.

To manipulate the request headers in your browser it's probably more convenient
to use a specialized extension; on Firefox we have been using [Modify Headers].

Finally, auxiliary information (such as the commit or branch of the current
build) is available from: http://104.236.51.222/infos.json

[Modify Headers]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/modify-headers/

Commit message:

CI: also support tags from GitHub push events
WARNING: this changes the build and installation paths, adding `heads/`
or `tags/` before the actual branch/tag.

Squashed commit of the following:

commit 654acc1ea224d50067dedf99ac6f13656039026f
Author: Jonas Malaco Filho <jonas@jonasmalaco.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 17 13:01:00 2015 -0300

    Doc: document the CI support for tags and the new `X-Dev-Ref` header

commit 265c03a3fb97a2fe8588f9148516ad1a0771c228
Author: Jonas Malaco Filho <jonas@jonasmalaco.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 17 12:55:39 2015 -0300

    CI: undeprecate X-Dev-Branch

commit 86ddce112e5ac0a8f0b1ecbf343cb75a2fb935a5
Author: Jonas Malaco Filho <jonas@jonasmalaco.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 17 11:53:53 2015 -0400

    CI: nginx config fixes

commit 5fdaedcc947008ad006e921d773655cd0f89a6e2
Author: Jonas Malaco Filho <jonas@jonasmalaco.com>
Date:   Fri Jul 17 12:22:33 2015 -0300

    CI: support for tag push events

    Changed listender implementation and nginx configs.

    WARNING: this changes the installation path, adding 'heads/' or 'tags/'
    before the actual branch/tag.

documentation/live-server.md, after:

The live server
===============

> **We're missing SSL on both the live server and on the GitHub event listener.
> Don't reuse a password from somewhere else and don't post any private or
> valuable data.**

A rudimentary CI deployment has been set up: http://104.236.51.222

It responds automatically to push events from the upstream repository on
GitHub, and builds the head commit of the pushed branch in roughly 10 seconds.

Rebuilds use the script `Build.hx` from the desired tree to automatically set
up dependencies and do the actual build.  This Haxe `--run` script downloads
and installs the necessary libraries on a local haxelib repository.

When viewing http://104.236.51.222 on a web browser, the default ('master')
branch is showed.  To request branches other than 'master', it is necessary to
send with all requests a `X-Dev-Branch` header set to the desired branch name.

It's also possible to request tags (instead of branches) and to avoid ambiguity
by supplying the `X-Dev-Ref` header with a `$refType/$refName` string (example:
`heads/master` or `tags/alpha`).  Note: specifying a ref supersedes specifying
a branch.

To manipulate the request headers in your browser it's probably more convenient
to use a specialized extension; on Firefox we have been using [Modify Headers].

Finally, auxiliary information (such as the commit or branch of the current
build) is available from: http://104.236.51.222/infos.json

[Modify Headers]: https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/modify-headers/
